docs(step-sequence): deprecate component (#6589)
Sage/carbon: src/components/step-sequence/step-sequence.stories.mdx

# StepSequence

<DeprecationWarning>

> We've deprecated StepSequence. It's also deprecated in the Design System and we recommend that you do not use it in new products.

Reviewer: suggestion(non-blocking): I wonder if we should just be more to the point here and remove `we`

Very minor and feel free to ignore but maybe something like this:

```suggestion
StepSequence has been deprecated in Carbon and the Design System.
<br />
It is recommended to use the StepFlow component - which is an accessible alternative.
```
